Statistical significnce of Linear Regression -

The p value assoaciated with a variable
The F- static
The R2 value.


 The coefficient of determination is denoted by R2 is the proportion of variance in  the dependent variable that is predicted from the independent variable. 
	i.e It explain how fit the model is

Your model is fit very  good if R2 value is close to 1.



If you keep adding features to you model for the better prediction accuracy , your R2 value may increases (close to 1).


how ever your Adj - R2 vlue would account for this by penalizing the R2 values that include inappropriate features 
i.e if you go down adding values that are not useful or less appropriate to the model you Adhj -R2 value would gone down.


If your Adj  R2 is much less than R2 value, it's a sign that a variable is inappropriate(not be relavant) to to you model.

--------------------------------------------
F-statistic (or) F-test is used to assess the significance of the LR model.

What is F-statsistic (or) F-test

It compares the Regression model with Zero(no) predictors and Regression model with Predictors.
It is  also called as Intercept Only Model.
It has only intercept(c-value).

The Null Hypothesis of this model is that - 

These two models are equal i.e model is performing same with predictors and no predictors.


The Alternate Hypothesis is that Intercept Only  model is worse than our specified model(with features)



We will get back P value and a F-statistic value, we can decide whether to reject or 
accept the null hypothesis


Given this p-value close to 0 and F-statistic is realy very large and we can reject the null hypothesis i.e there is an evidence that there is a linear relationship between predictor varables withe respect to target variables.



F- Statistic value greater than 1 or a really a large value alue Lthat is your probability of F-statistic values less than 0.05 it states that there ia good amountof relationship between my target variable and my feature variables.



In order to  find whether the indepenedent variable is relavent to the target variable we perform a t -test



t -test

-------
It looks for the relationship between the target variable and independent variable independently  without taking into account

It performs a t-test between feature 1 and  target varaibel and  so on


The Null Hypothesis is that value(coefficient) of a particular feature  is to be Zero 
The ALternate Hypthosesis feature coefficient value will not be  equal to Zero.


In bavesh batt explanation, the p - value of the feature 3 is greater than 0.05. So, we have failed to reject the Null Hypothtesis in both F-test and t-test(i.e  Intercept only model is worse than model with predictors)
and we are also rejecting the Null Hypothesisi of t -test  i.e the cofficient value of the feature is not zero










